# app-dev
My first repository

**This is information about my favorite series/movie**

*My 3 favorite anime series with short descriptions and overview*

- Attack on Titan (TV series)
> Attack on Titan (Japanese: 進撃の巨人, Hepburn: Shingeki no Kyojin, lit. 'The Attack Titan') is a Japanese dark fantasy anime television series, adapted from the manga of the same name by Hajime Isayama, that premiered on April 7, 2013. It has aired on NHK General TV in Japan, and Aniplus Asia in various Asia-Pacific countries. In the United States and Canada, the series has been streamed on Crunchyroll, Funimation, Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, and Hulu. Attack on Titan has also aired on Adult Swim's Toonami programming block in the U.S.
> When man-eating Titans first appeared 100 years ago, humans found safety behind massive walls that stopped the giants in their tracks. But the safety they have had for so long is threatened when a colossal Titan smashes through the barriers, causing a flood of the giants into what had been the humans' safe zone. During the carnage that follows, soldier Eren Jaeger sees one of the creatures devour his mother, which leads him to vow that he will kill every Titan. He enlists some friends who survived to help him, and that group is humanity's last hope for avoiding extinction at the hands of the monsters.
- One Piece (TV series)
> One Piece (stylized as ONE PIECE) is a Japanese anime television series produced by Toei Animation that premiered on Fuji TV in October 1999. It is based on Eiichiro Oda's manga series of the same name. The story follows the adventures of Monkey D. Luffy, a boy whose body gained the properties of rubber after unintentionally eating a Devil Fruit. With his crew of pirates, named the Straw Hat Pirates, Luffy explores the Grand Line in search of the world's ultimate treasure known as "One Piece" in order to become the next Pirate King.
> Monkey D. Luffy wants to become the King of all pirates. Along his quest he meets: a skilled swordsman named Roronoa Zolo; Nami, a greedy thief who has a knack for navigation; Usopp, a great liar who has an affinity for inventing; Sanji, a warrior cook; Chopper, a sentient deer who is also a skilled physician; and Robin, former member of Baroque Works. The gang sets sail to unknown seas in Grand Line to find the treasure of One Piece.
- My Hero Academia (TV series)
> My Hero Academia is a Japanese anime television series based on the manga series of the same name by Kōhei Horikoshi. The anime television series adaptation produced by Bones was announced in Weekly Shōnen Jump on October 29, 2015. The series is directed by Kenji Nagasaki, written by Yōsuke Kuroda, featured character designs by Yoshihiko Umakoshi who also served as the chief animation director, and music composed by Yuki Hayashi. The story follows Izuku Midoriya, a boy born without superpowers in a world where they are the norm, but who still dreams of becoming a superhero himself, and is scouted by the world's greatest hero, All Might, who shares his powers with Izuku after recognizing his value and enrolls him in a prestigious high school for superheroes in training.
> In a world where those with powers are known as "Quirks," Izuku Midoriya has aspirations to one day become a hero but there's a catch -- he isn't a Quirk. After a tragic accident involving his friend Katuski Bakugo; Midoriya is the only one to have stepped forward to help protect Bakugo from a villain, because of his acts, he is given a gift by the world's greatest hero, All Might. Now, Midoriya attends U.A. School--a school that cultivates the next generation of superheroes.
